Jack likes to wind his old watch every morning.
He wounded yesterday and has wound it
daily for years.
He writes news stories for a living.
He wrote an interesting article last week
and has written many popular pieces.
Problems often arise in his work.
A big story arose unexpectedly yesterday,
and such situations have arisen
frequently in his career.
Jack has become more adaptable over time.
He became a senior reporter last year and
has become well -known in the industry.
Sometimes, Jack bets on which stories
will be popular.
He bet on a political piece recently and
has bet correctly many times before.
Once, while rushing to meet a deadline,
he cut his finger and it began to bleed.
It bled for a while, and he has bled from
paper cuts more times than he can count.
The local farm he's reporting on breeds
rare chickens.
They bred a new variety last season and
have bred many unique birds over the years.
Jack's stories broadcast on local radio.
This morning's story broadcast live, and
his reports have broadcast to the
community for a decade.
He's careful not to burn bridges with his sources.
He burned one connection early in his
career but hasn't burned any
relationships since then.
Jack deals with various challenges daily.
He dealt with a tough interview yesterday
and has dealt with all kinds of
situations in his job.
Despite the pressures, Jack finds his
work as a journalist exciting and fulfilling.
Jack signed by Heirs Stone by Framingham Musso.
Jack stand by Framingham Musso